# Student-Association-Database :clipboard:

After 11 years of existence of the Association of Students of Mathematics and Informatics, the president decides that there must be a considerable improvement in the management of projects, volunteers and tasks. He wants everything to be in one place, their records to be kept in real time, volunteers to be able to perform their tasks more easily, and department directors to get rid of the activity reports prepared each month. It also aims to preserve the history of the association, of the projects carried out over time, together with the editions of the events, but also of the honorary members. So, this year, he is turning to the FMI's IT Department to create a proper database. Following a brainstorming session, the members of the department come to the conclusion that 6 tables will be needed, one of which will be a link. The important data of the volunteers who want to be kept are: name, surname, telephone number and email. Each volunteer can be: active, inactive, alumnus or president and is part of a single department. Each department is headed by a single manager, and each manager in turn is headed by the president. There is a list of common tasks that apply to projects. There are also projects that are in their first edition, but most of the projects have had editions in previous years, keeping the development formula. Multiple volunteers can work on multiple projects, especially since some of them may overlap, and each project is managed by one volunteer, but the same volunteer can manage multiple projects.
